## Patchnotes 4.2.2

### New Features

- Participants - new group permission 'can edit own delegation': New group permission to transfer own vote delegation integrated. Participants can use the new group permission to independently adjust their vote delegations.

### Optimizations

- Meetings: New filter 'Status' integrated. The new filter combines previous status filters.
- Accounts > 'Merge accounts' function: Accounts can now also be merged into SAML accounts.
- Motions > Amendments: When creating an amendment, changes to the text are mandatory. Without text changes, it is no longer possible to save and create an amendment.
- Various UI improvements
- Various translations added

### Bug Fixes

- User account menu > Password change: Fixed a bug that required a reload of the start page after changing the password.
- Organization level > Meetings: Fixed a bug where meetings that used the functions 'motion editor' or 'spokesperson' could not be deleted.
- Organization level > Accounts > Function 'Merge accounts': It was not possible to merge accounts that are not part of a meeting
- List of speakers: Fixed a bug where participants who did not see a list of speakers but were allowed to add themselves to it were not shown any structure levels.
- Motions > Export PDF: Fixed a conflict display error in the PDF. The text 'warning' and not the warning symbol was exported.
- Motions > Export PDF: Fixed a display error in the PDF if a custom font was set and motions had four-digit line numbering
- Motions > Export PDF: Fixed bug that SVG files were not output in the footer.
- Motions > Filter: Fixed a bug where filters were reset when using multiple tabs.
- Public access: Public users were not shown that a vote was in progress.
