## Patchnotes 4.2.1

### New Features


### Optimizations

- Accounts > Detail view: Notes on the status of the meeting (public, closed and archived) added
- Logging out of a meeting: After logging out of a meeting, the user is redirected to the login page and no longer to the meeting login page as before
- eVoting > Proof of single votes: For nominal votes with vote weight, the single vote overview and the PDF export have been expanded to include information on the vote weight.
- eVoting > Nominal votes > Proof of single votes: Information added if votes were subsequently anonymized.
- Motions > Metadata: Visibility of submission date optimized. Users without administrative rights only see submission date if date is entered.
- Motions > Creation: Depending on whether the user has the permission ''Can see participants'' in combination with or without the permissions 'Can create motions' and 'Can manage motion metadata', the field 'submitter' is shown/hidden in the motion creation screen.
- Motions > Detailed view: PDF export optimized. When exporting motions, the currently displayed version is exported.
- Settings > General > Public access: Added a note that indicates global deactivation of the function. Function is grayed out when globally deactivated and the 'Public' group is hidden in the group rights matrix. The defined group settings are retained and can be used when reactivated.
- Language support: Italian language support updated

### Bug Fixes

- Login page: When users logged out of an event and the login page was reloaded, an error was displayed.
- Logout from meeting: Fixed a bug where the 'Public access' button on the login page was not visible when logging out of a meeting despite active public access.
- Meeting > Duplicate: Duplication was not possible if a list election existed in the meeting
- Meeting > Language: Fixed bug that navigation menu was displayed in English instead of configured language.
- Motions > Creation: Fixed a bug that prevented users with the permissions ' Can create motions' and 'Can manage motion metadata' and the activated setting 'Activate submitter extension field in motion creation form' from creating motion.
- Motions > Projection: Projection problem with motions with changed line numbering and simultaneous change recommendation fixed.
- Motions > Amendments: Creating an amendment above a heading or above a bullet point led to broken amendment and an amendment list that could not be opened.
- Motions: Fixed a bug that the status field in certain configuration was clickable (not changeable) by unauthorized participants.
- Motions > Amendments: Fixed display error when using text bold in difference view.
- Elections > PDF Export: Layout error fixed for lists with more than nine candidates.
- Elections with setting 'Put all candidates on the list of speakers': Fixed a bug where candidates were not automatically put on the list of speakers when changing the phase and the phase was not changed.
- Elections > Yes per candidate with cumulative voting: Input option error in the election creation dialog in 'Max. number of votes per option' dialog. In this field it was possible to enter a value greater than the 'Maximum number of votes'. In addition, the error has been fixed that no confirmation dialog was displayed during an ongoing election after entering the maximum number of votes.
- Participants: Fixed a bug where participants were always set to absent when they were created.
- User account > Language selection: When switching languages, self-selected titles for agenda items, motions, elections or names of participants are no longer translated.
- Imprint > Count completed requests to speak: Fixed a bug where requests to speak were not recorded.
