## Patchnotes 4.2.7

### New Features
- Angular Update to Version 19

### Optimizations
- Meeting archiving: Archiving is prevented if active processes are still running in the instance. Active processes are current speakers on a speaking list and elections and polls.
- Participant import: The warning when someone imports but some fields cannot be changed has been improved.
- Motions > Forwarding dialog: The default options and the order for these have each been swapped.
- Elections > Number of votes: The maximum votes are now limited by the number of options. The only exception is Yes votes when cumulative voting is activated.
- Motions > Forwarding: The slider for displaying the origin motion is no longer displayed for amendments, as amendments alone cannot be forwarded.
- "My account" > "My profile": Only fields that can be changed are now displayed here.
- Various UI improvements

### Bug Fixes
- Participants: Participants can now be added (referenced) again by meeting admins via the single action.
- Motions > Forwarding: The slider for displaying the origin motion is now always displayed correctly.
- Participant list > Access data (PDF): Every participant is now exported on their own page.
- Motions > Creation: Supporters are now also registered when creating a motion.
- Accounts > Gender: The back arrow is now available.
- Participant list > Add individually: Each person can now be selected again when searched with the correct search criteria.
- Sort: Multiple elements can be moved at the same time with drag-and-drop.
