## Patchnotes 4.2.29

### Security improvements
- Fixed security issue when using SAML. We highly recommend to update to newest version.

### New Features
- Organization level > Settings: New configuration option ‘Restrict definition of motion forwarding to organization admins’ integrated. This can be used to specify whether only organization admins or also committee admins can set up forwarding between committees.
- Organization level > Settings: New configuration option “Committee admins may only edit the managers of their sub-committees”. When this option is enabled, committee admins can only manage administrator rights in sub-committees and no longer at the same level.

### Optimizations
- Accessibility optimized in various areas. This includes the integration of structure level H1 in main headings and motion titles in the motion list, the use of global search with TAB, and improved presence checking in the user profile.
- Motions > Forwarding: Only future and current events are now displayed in the forwarding dialog.
- Motions > Motions list: The quick edit dialog is now only visible if a motion block, categroy, or tag is available.
- Various UI optimizations

### Bug Fixes
- Motions > Amendment and amendment recommendation in the same line: Collision between accepted amendment and rejected amendment recommendation is no longer displayed.
- Motions > Limited editor formatting options: The ‘Remove formatting’ function deletes all formatting, as in the unrestricted editor.
- Motions > Metadata: Adjusting metadata with an existing deleted account now works properly again.
