## Patchnotes 4.2.14

### New Features
- Committee hierarchy: Committees can be linked hierarchically. Committee admins have more extensive rights and can fully administer committees and the participants in their committees and all sub-committees including all meetings. Assigning home committees to accounts can restrict these editing options. All accounts that belong to a committee are counted, whereby a distinction is made between active accounts, home committees and external accounts without a home committee.
- New language added: Dutch

### Optimizations
- When forwarding motions and amendments, a message indicates how many motions have been successfully forwarded.
- The stability of elections has been improved.
- Various UI optimizations
- Various translations added

### Bug Fixes
- Accounts: Accounts that are only in archived events can be edited again.
- Accounts: In the gender list and account editing, all default genders are now translated.
- Duplicate meeting: An Orgaadmin is now shown the correct error message when trying to duplicate a closed meeting.
- Tags: No duplicate tags are created when importing committees.
- Files: Super- and Orgaadmins can see public files in a meeting again, even if they are not participants.
- Autopilot: The title of a projected file in the autopilot now opens or downloads this file.
- Autopilot: The moderation note is now hidden on the autopilot if something is projected without a moderation note.
- Motions > Amendment creation: An amendment can also be created via “Change paragraph”.
- Motions > Export: The selection of the last export is saved locally.
- Search: Previous search terms are displayed correctly again in all search bars and the searched lists.
- Editor: Images without additional text can now be saved and displayed correctly.
- Editing and creation pages of elections and agenda items can no longer be closed with ESC.
