## Patchnotes 4.2.4

### New Features

- Meetings menu > Create: New option 'Template' integrated into the creation mask. When creating a meeting, you can now specify directly whether this should be a template.
- Meeting > Moderation notes: PDF export integrated
- Meeting > eVoting : Live voting register integrated into the voting table. In the voting and election detail view, participants with the group right ' Can manage motion polls' and 'Can manage elections' can see live who has already voted. For non-nominal polls, it is still not visible who has voted with which option. It only records that someone has voted.
- Meeting > Motions > Filter > Amendments: New filter 'Is not an amendment' integrated

### Optimizations

- Organization administrator - Revision of permissions: The permissions of the organization administrator have been fundamentally revised and expanded. Organization administrators now have extensive rights. Specifically, this means that they can edit/enter committees and meetings without being part of the committee or meeting. This does not apply to closed meetings, which can still only be edited and entered with permission. Note: The aim of the change is to simplify the work of organization administrators.
- Meetings menu > List: Sorting optimized. Sorting is now in descending order by date. Timeless meetings are always displayed at the end of the list.
- Meeting > List of speakers: Super administrators and organization administrators can only add themselves to the list of speakers if they are part of the meeting. Important: This does not affect the ability to manage the list of speakers.
- Meeting > History: Vote delegation changes are now recorded.
- Various UI optimizations
- SAML group matching extended by new data types in attributes. (Data types: Boolean, decimal values, integer)

### Bug Fixes

- Meetings menu > Duplicate: Fixed a bug where the external ID was duplicated when duplicating a meeting.
- Meetings menu > external ID of a meeting: Error fixed that external ID value could be assigned twice and was not unique.
- Meeting > Motions > PDF Export: Error fixed that line numbering was indented with centered or right-aligned text alignment.
- Meeting > Motions > Workflows: Corrected line click behavior when multiple selection is activated. Despite activated multiple selection, a workflow was opened and not selected.
- Meeting > Participants > Three-dot menu in participant line: Fixed a bug that two participant editing menus were available.
- Meeting > Participants > Mandate swap: Fixed a bug where the participant number was not swapped correctly if a person did not have a participant number. Instead of an exchange, the participant number was copied and duplicated.
- Meeting > Sorting in various menus: Fixed a bug where file listings in agenda items, motions and elections were not sorted alphabetically.
- Meeting > Settings: Fixed a bug in which indented settings were not saved if the topmost setting was changed at the same time.

- ### Note
- Meeting > Projector > Detailed view > PDF files Scrolling behavior: New scroll buttons added. The scrolling behavior of the new buttons is not yet final and will be revised in the next update.
