## Patchnotes 4.2.19

### Optimizations
- Administrative permissions for committee administrators: The permissions have been enhanced. Committee administrators can now manage organization-specific information (home committee, external, and default vote weight) in the account details view.
- Attachments: An icon indicating the file format is now displayed to the left of the attachment title.
- Motions > Comment fields: Superadmins, organization administrators, and committee administrators can now edit comment fields without being part of the meeting. Personal comment fields are only visible if administrators are part of a meeting.

### Bug Fixes
- Page titles for Settings and Chat are now displayed in tabs.
- Editor > Copy & Paste in Win11 and Office365: Creating amendments is working correctly again.
- Organization level > Duplicate meetings: Duplicating meetings is possible again.
- Committees > Detail view > Edit mask: Committee administrators can now only select meetings for which they have administrative rights in the edit mask in the fields ‘Can forward motions to committee’ and ‘Can receive motions from committee’.
- Autopilot > Projection of internal/hidden agenda items: Participants without the group permission ‘Can see internal items and time scheduling of agenda’ can see the projection of internal/hidden agenda items.
- Autopilot > Projection list of speakers: When a list of speakers is projected and the page is reloaded, the title remains visible.
- Motions > Export: Fixed incorrect behavior of the ‘Text’ button.
- Motions > detail view > amendments: Change recommendations can be deleted from amendments that do not contain text changes.
- Settings > Motions > Vote: The function ‘Set live voting enabled by default’ can be set as the default.