## Patchnotes 4.2.5

### Security improvements

- Slash(“/”) is replaced by colon(“:”) in file names when exporting to a zip file.
- HTML is prevented in dialog titles.
- HTML content is sanitized by new filters.
- The password check is not skipped if the user does not exist.

### New features

- Event > eVoting > nominal vote: New projection ''single votes'' for nominal votes added. The new view provides a tabular listing of the individual nominal votes including the overall result as a bar chart.
- Elections > Enable indication of minimum and maximum votes for yes/no/abstain per candidate.

### Optimizations

- Event > Projector > PDF Projection: Scrolling behavior of new buttons adjusted. The new buttons allow scrolling between PDF pages.
- Event > Voting/Elections: PDF export for votes and elections adapted to live voting register.
- Editor: Navigation between editor functions (buttons) using tab and arrow keys improved
- Accounts > Account detail view > Add to meeting: Menu revised and result representation improved.
- Event > Livestream: Group permission 'Livestream' adjusted. Persons without this permission may neither watch the livestream nor participate in the live conference.
- New translations added

### Bug fixes

- Event > Motions > Sorting 'Categories': Incorrect sorting of categories fixed.
- Event > Motions > Change recommendations: Fixed bug where change recommendations that were subsequently edited via the three-dot menu were not always saved.
- Accounts > Password changes: Fixed bug where committee admins could not change passwords. Important: If the error still occurs, please clear the browser cache.
- Event > Fonts: Fonts in woff2 file format caused problems with PDF exports. Solution: Fonts in woff2 file format are no longer supported.
- Various UI errors fixed
- Committees > Duplicate meeting: Fixed bug that meeting could not be duplicated if 'Current list of speakers' was unset as projection default in a projector.
- Motions > PDF Export: Fixed display errors when using long URLs in motions and PDF exports
- Elections with delegations > The options have disappeared when operating very quickly
