## Patchnotes 4.2.0

### New Features

- Motions > Amendments: New setting for extension field added to motion form. This allows participants with motion management rights to enter submitters in a free text field during the motion creation process.

### Optimizations

- Public access > Meetings > Groups: Group name depends on the language setting of the meeting
- Logged-in users who are set to inactive are logged out immediately
- Settings > SSO > Assignment of attributes processes values more reliably
- UI improvements
- Translations added
- The supported browser versions have been adjusted to the following:
  - Firefox: 128
  - Chrome: 120
  - Safari: 16
  - Opera: 86
  - Edge: 120

### Bug Fixes

- Meeting > List of speakers: The “Add me” button is no longer visible if users are not allowed to add themselves to the list of speaker.
- Meeting > PDF exports: PDFs can also be exported without a meeting description.
- Meeting > PDF exports: Elections with completed ballots and topics with polls can be exported.
- Motions > Detail view with amendments: Status changes of amendments via three-dot menu are visible without reloading.
- Motions > Amendments: Deletions of entire sections or bullet points are recorded as amendments.
- Motions > Amendments: Amendments with formatted text are displayed more correctly.
- Motions > Amendments: 'Show all amendments' is deactivated by default when a motion is opened.
- Elections > List voting: Number of candidates on the list are displayed correctly on the election ballot.
- Elections > Setting: 'Put all candidates on the list of speakers': Candidates can be automatically put on the list of speakers when changing the phase to “in the election process”.
- Participants > List: Participants who can see sensitive data will see the total voting weight of proxy voters assigned to them.
