## Patchnotes 4.3.0

This update includes a comprehensive overhaul of the database and projectors.
By switching to a relational database, the performance of the entire software has been significantly improved.
The fundamental redesign of the projectors has improved and optimized the display of projections.

**Please follow the [instructions](https://github.com/OpenSlides/OpenSlides/blob/main/UPDATE_TO_4.3.md) in the upgrade guide carefully.**

### New Features
- Organization and Meetings: Time zones can be set for the entire organization and for individual meetings. These are displayed in the meeting date and the creation time of motions if they differ from the device time.
- Meetings: Quicklink to the committee.
- Agenda Item: Internal agenda items can be projected.
- Motions > Export: The categories are displayed in the table of contents without page breaks.
- Motions: Empty lines have line numbers.
- Elections > Live Voting: New projection integrated for nominal votes with "Yes" per candidate, "Yes/No/Abstain" per candidate (with only one option), and "Yes/No/Abstain" per list.
- Elections > Live Voting: The projection shows who delegated their vote.
- Projectors: New button to open the projector in full-screen mode
- Projector Queue: Using the multi-select feature, you can now add multiple topics, motions, and elections to the queue.

### Optimizations
- Accessibility for screen readers: Improvements to voting results, polls, and global search, orientation within Autopilot
- Archiving meetings: The error message regarding active speakers has been updated so that the issue can be resolved independently.
- Account and participant CSV sample files: Sample dataset simplified.
- Agenda > Export: Display and structure improved.
- Motion blocks: Text in the dialog for "Follow recommendations for all motions" has been updated.
- List of amendments: Performance optimization
- Participants: Administrators cannot remove themselves from a meeting.
- Participants > Contributions: Menu visibility now requires the group permissions “Can see list of speakers” and “Can update participants”.
- Participants > Contributions > Sorting: Items are sorted alphabetically by title rather than by module.
- Projector > Timer: The full-screen setting is retained when the projection dialog is reopened.
- Projector: Various display improvements, such as for motion blocks and voting results
- Translations added
- Various UI improvements

### Bug Fixes
- Public Access: Logging out works again.
- Accounts: Various permission errors have been fixed.
- Design: When the header color is light, the text is displayed with sufficient contrast.
- Organization-wide settings: Restrictions on committee admins editing other committee admins in subcommittees no longer affect organization admins.
- Profile > My Meetings: Your own meetings are displayed.
- Editor: When copying text, the default background and text colors are not retained.
- Editor: HTML elements without attributes are removed.
- Parliament mode > List of speaker: List of speakers are displayed with correct time values.
- Export: Superscript and subscript text is exported correctly in the PDF export.
- Motions > Multi-select > Change state: All selected motions are set to the selected state.
- Motions > Export > Attachments (embedded PDF): The export is now strictly limited to a maximum of 100 motions or attachments.
- Motions > Supporters: Participants can now always see the structure level and participant number of all supporters.
- Motions > Metadata: Long titles for category and motion blocks are now wrapped.
- Motions > Change recommendations: Change recomendations can now delete entire lines.
- Motions > Change recommendations: After editing the motion, you do not need to reload the page to create a change recommendation.
- Motions > Amendments: The correct lines numbers are displayed in edit mode.
- Motions > Amendments: You can submit change recommendations for a motion that deletes the entire paragraph.
- Motions > Amendments > Change recommendations: Only one change recommendation can be created per line.
- Motions > Editorial final version: Conflicts are now displayed again.
- Elections > General options: General options are now displayed in the results even if no one voted for them.
- Election > No per candidate: A general abstain is now correctly counted as an abstain in the results, rather than as an approval.
